To make the savory Halloween pumpkin puffs, start by preparing the pastry puffs: Add ½ cup (100 ml) of water to a pot with the butter, chopped into pieces, and a pinch of salt. As soon as the water begins to boil, remove the pot from the heat and pour in the sifted flour [1], stirring well and quickly to keep lumps from forming [2]. Then put the pot back over low heat and stir quickly, beating the mixture vigorously with a wooden spoon: It will soon become even and soft and will pull away from the sides, forming a ball. Once a white coating has formed on the bottom of the pot [3], 
remove it from the heat and allow the dough to cool completely, placing it on a plate [4]. Next, place the dough in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a flat beater (if you don’t have a stand mixer, you can also do everything by hand using a wooden spoon) [5], and add the eggs a little at a time and very slowly to the cold dough [6], stirring vigorously to incorporate them into the mixture. 
Finally, add the grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese and the food coloring drops (4 yellow and 1 red) to get a nice bright orange color. At this point, put the dough in a pastry bag with a plain tip and place little round dollops of pastry dough on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper [7]. Bake the puffs for 15 minutes at 430°F (220°C) in a conventional oven, avoiding opening the oven while they are baking. After the first 15 minutes, lower the temperature to 375°F (190°C) and bake the choux pastries for another 10 minutes, after which you can turn off the oven and leave the puffs inside for another 10-15 minutes with the door open slightly. While the puffs are cooking, you can turn to making the filling: In the bowl of a food processor, add the ham and fresh cheese [8], the grated Parmigiano Reggiano [9],
a pinch of salt, and 3 tbsp of milk; blitz everything until you get a smooth, but not liquid, mixture [10]. Once the puffs have cooled, you can fill them. Put the filling in a pastry bag with a small plain piping tip, make a small hole in the lower part of each puff, and fill them with the ham and cheese cream [11]. Lastly, make the pumpkin stem: Mix 4 tbsp of cream cheese with two drops of green food coloring (alternatively, blitz 4 tbsp of cream cheese with 1 tbsp of spinach that’s been boiled and wrung out well; once the ingredients are well combined, forming a thick green cream, strain it to get rid of any remaining spinach fibers). Put this mixture in a pastry bag with a small star piping tip and make small “stems” on the top of every Halloween pumpkin puff to give them a more authentic pumpkin look [12]. Keep the savory Halloween pumpkin puffs in the fridge before eating them!